Create the Home Assistant topic (#761)
github/explore: topics/home-assistant/index.md

---
display_name: Home Assistant
topic: home-assistant
github_url: https://github.com/home-assistant
logo: home-assistant.png
related: homeassistant, home-assistant-config, home-assistant-configuration, hassio
short_description: Open source home automation that puts local control and privacy first.
url: https://www.home-assistant.io
---

> Home Assistant is an open source home automation that puts local control and privacy first. Powered by a worldwide community of tinkerers and DIY enthusiasts. Perfect to run on a Raspberry Pi or a local server.

Reviewer: Thoughts on these edits?
```suggestion
Home Assistant is an open source home automation system that puts local control and privacy first. It is powered by a worldwide community of tinkerers and DIY enthusiasts, perfectly suited to run on a Raspberry Pi or a local server.
```

Author: Yeah, thanks!
